hello I thank him first she
certify to give me the floor for a
second interview the opportunity to ebace
out of jail on May 12th that
rhythmic walk
I would first like to thank all
sweet eyes hers all the dead Egyptian
from hussein to tank followers and
those who expressed their support
throughout this state of mind that have me
showed their support for each of the dishes
appearance of the just branches at
court of first instance
I thank and congratulate the Egyptians
who are from the diaspora who knew
express the ras-le-bol the aspiration to the
democracy and change
you are our country of our people
recently the set itself in London and
kara
they did their duty in a way
copy
i also thank madam faiza
libera who bravely denied being
in lawsuit against me
unlike worrying tram
modernity haidara is an elder of
the Egyptian army and troop
military folk trees why
it is again owned
garonne
it's a question that you certainly
ask all it was a detention
arbitrary that was enough an arrest
illegal
I was arrested
gendarmerie the 23rd the ripper and
last return from a meeting
diplomatic with the ambassador
united states of america to djibouti there
I was in Cassis which comes
to organize was precisely the section
research and documentation opposed me
at the judgment of the Djibouti Court of Appeal
dating from 2004
as of july 2004 kim judgments is sentenced
to pay damages a
number of military personnel
neighborhood that evening barbie troupe
and ten commandments of the kossmann seal
of the time whose current general
careers sheikh faye stop that I had
attacked before the supreme court djibouti
and that had been broken and canceled
totally broken and canceled by this
supreme court art and so they
had not he lived reasons
it was in flagrant violation with the
court decision rendered by the court
Supreme Court of Djibouti, 19 September 2004
which short and I remember
the supreme organ of the judicial system
Egyptian
so it was an arrest
followed by custody is followed by a
placement under a money order
Central prison of cadres
in fact it was
2 again my period and
continue political activities and
activists in internal struggles
and that will certainly not be the
last attempt
but I want you that I recall was
scene place we are determined to
continue our fight just for the
democratic change said poutine
we are determined to argue to
to enforce the will of the people
Tunisian
as expressed on February 22, 2013
ladies who reminds that the Egyptians have
overwhelmingly voted in favor of the list
from the end of the legislative elections to
80 years old
we have also proclaimed this
victory is installed the assembly
legitimate national who hated here
this assembly continues its activities
is she ready to go talk to her
husband
I take this opportunity to
transmit a message or surgeon
messages from my political co-detainees
from Gabon to start with the 3 sec
abu rahma clemency to laura brand accor
is cured but in which is which the
moral they are to notice every bachir
serenity malaria and they only have one
Inter thing to pursue peacefully
legally the inhabitant just for the
democratic change
it ends there is no extremism
Islamic so small there is no
extremist Islamists within
Young people also corner
great tool there are gilles tools to
tolerant Spain and his checks that the
regime accuses tea radicalism and
extremism are responsible people and
are Egyptian democrats know it
the serious observers but that too
what they want is we
we all want to know
a genuine democratic change by
six cape and jiboutian films right to
democracy to dignity and
proverb there is no reason that there
not happen that's what we pursue
since dimaté of year that's what
this check continue with my spite of
some time and cct and that's what
must happen
because it's in the order of things that
people who conquered his independence
because to found a state can enjoy
related freedoms and the
dignity attached to it institute of
development that he is entitled
to wait until reminds her that she
reserve is open to dialogue a
credible dialogue a fruitful dialogue
a responsible dialogue
she has made an offer of
dialoque recently to the regime that has
rejected
so if the scheme
as it comes to
pointed back as he just said
by the mouth of his dear president
ismael omar guelleh wants to hire a
real dialogue with the opposition
we are there and we want this
be credible diallo loving and
serious who
takes place in the interest of the people
Egyptian
to conclude I will say in which year
continues that the initials are more
determined that I never have the 10
of experience that makes maths and a
excessive in the Egyptian struggle does not
never been as determined as this
year
this determination will lead us to the
victory
I register Djiboutian corratec
Djibouti you are at
within our borders or to
outside who you are from
inside or diaspora
let's continue the fight
victory hanging on ice